Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
James: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: As doing a couple things. One, I was running over with my client this morning and be I have to have all the zoom videos separate so I gotta close your eyes out. And so I kicked out this last time.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so let's um let's continue the conversation from Abby video group. What are you, what are you noticing about yourself in there. That's just starting to change a little bit.
James: With the group.
James: Oh,
James: I don't know.
James: I mean, I guess I'm becoming a little bit more open
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, there's that per se. I always know when the per se is there. It's like these, these little buffers. He's little you know this little cushion, it's like not quite the full truth, nothing but the truth, so help me God, per se.
James: Yeah, they basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your language gives you away.
James: Photos, it does sometimes it does it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway. Well, I'm glad you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And something you had said in in group was well I can go back in there just open this note up
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, damn, isn't it, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. What did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she put
Gwenevere Abriel: In quite what were you studying quotes. She paraphrase a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm I have been something up on my meetings differences. Oh Father lent me his vehicle. I could come to my workplace where I have Wi Fi to do meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just had to ask. I was surprised. It was as easy as it was kind of dissipated and by the law. This week I have not been doing too well.
Gwenevere Abriel: filled with rage a lot and angry about things. I can't control rage towards current situation with the court and probation and work. Sometimes I cut my hours again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how many hours are you basically going to work this week.
James: Oh, I'm not sure yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well it's Thursday I call me me worked yesterday.
James: See that's the thing they cut my hours again due to the fucking coven 19 bullshit. They now I have tuesday wednesday and Thursdays often only work Monday Friday and Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it sounds like based on all the expletives that you see this as a negative thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, where's your money going
What do you
James: Mean money.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do with your money. Wait, we don't watch money.
James: Oh, happy.
James: If
James: It goes to the core to goes the food he goes to helping my family. It goes is supporting myself.
James: Because of my suburban goes in my vehicles because of my dad's feel a vehicles and feel
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you have a car payment.
James: Not necessarily car payment just more like it goes in the gas money. It goes into shit that I have to buy for the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example of a ship. Yes.
James: My, my own ship which I want to buy
Gwenevere Abriel: A house, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Food yeah food. I've got courts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Groceries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that an expectation that kind of does just this
Girl.
James: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it kind of like at your house. Hey, you're gonna you're going to be eaten like
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to bring bring your own food and kind of thing.
James: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it like mom's house.
James: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think dad's reasoning is for
Gwenevere Abriel: That
James: Oh, he's got
James: He's got too damn good reasons. One, one being the low. Well, it's his house to actually he's got a couple damn good reason to being in his house, so it is food. So, therefore, if I eat something, I gotta replace it three being he's preparing me to be on my own.
James: He's like whatever food you eat you place.
James: Basically going and it's like a it's like having a fucking apartment. He told me he's not used to live here but you buy food whatever food you eat your place, whatever you drink your, your players. You don't touch my booze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I really
James: Simple rules from him.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like a like a roommate, like you, you would be more like a roommate.
James: Yeah.
James: I got. Yeah.
James: I roommate that I've known my whole entire life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I get it. Yeah. So, so you can really see was there some resistance inside of you. When you first heard this. Were you initially angry, but now you've come around, you kind of get it like this is for your best interest.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
James: And when it's not your mom, I get it, understand it, for sure.
James: Go for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we have this really long delay. So it ends up happening in
James: My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, in the video. We have a long delay. I just want to say, so we'll have to really sort of pace our responses. So, all right, let me say something
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I was asking you is over at moms, is it I don't get to have as much freedom. I don't get to demonstrate to myself that I'm an adult. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have to follow more of her rules. Yes, I might get free food, but it means I have to follow her rules and I don't get to see in real time. If I can handle my own shit.
James: Yeah, basically.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sense. I get it. So you kind of opted for this approach with the
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. OK, so now I really see why this is frustrating for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your Dad saying, I mean, are you communicating with a dad, I mean massively cut back on ours. What does he respond to with that like tough shatter. What's he say
James: He just told me to do what I can to help
Gwenevere Abriel: So good roommate to have
James: And he's being
James: Understand yeah he's being, understand the standing of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's flexibility. That's nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you noticing that you're offering to help
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like helping build something or work on a car something extra to sort of make up for
Not only
James: Yeah, helping with vehicles helping with yard work helping around the house, helping doing chores helping fixing things
James: Putting the weeds.
James: shit like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's shift gears a little bit and go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually know let's say this here for a second because you know how
Gwenevere Abriel: You have more time, but maybe all that time is getting filled with doing this busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Household sort of around the house stuff, helping out your pops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is there also time where you're hanging out on a couch or in bed and not doing anything or is there any of that extra time going on.
James: Sometimes a little
James: Well, mainly I try to keep myself busy between doing stuff for my dad or doing stuff for myself or just straight up.
James: Working out and
James: keep him busy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, what's something else you could be doing with this unexpected time that would contribute to your long term goals. What some something you could be doing
James: Working out harder longer
Gwenevere Abriel: What is one of your goals in your treatment plan that you and I have here.
James: Oh, I'm not sure to go to the Navy. I guess I know get out of town initiative.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get the f out of town. No, but yes on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do. Where is it, it's I want to join the Navy Marines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you already have the working out. But notice how if you have expected time your, your issue was never the working out.
James: Yeah, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great news.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What is it that you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you could redirect some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting on the couch. They could also be an investment, you've already mentioned, working out, which you hadn't identified before you told me you are already working out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what could you be doing to help yourself get towards that goal. Now that you have unexpected time. What could you be doing
James: I'm not too sure if you
James: Studying for testing as fab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had it cross your mind and decided, yeah.
James: No, I haven't been crossing the line for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello long is a little bit
James: Couple weeks.
James: To dig up dad. My dad, put it
Gwenevere Abriel: And would it be any different if you were at your mom's would she be saying, hey, we need to be studying or would it be sitting somewhere, you'd be able to find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would there be a different sort of in that that environment.
James: Not really.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you think that says about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your commitment and resolve to going to the Marines. What do you think that says that you don't know where the book is
James: By now,
James: But no matter what anybody says, including your my probation officer la even the fucking judge. I'm going to stop me from going to the fucking Marine Corps, the Navy on going, no matter what.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you hear me saying right now.
James: I hear doubt.
James: Doubt from a lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, whoo. Good stuff. And what's the emotion you feel when you hear doubt from me.
James: I honestly do not give a fuck what you think about me or what my future plans are.
James: Yeah, so it really doesn't affect me. I mean, it makes me
James: I don't know, just kind of
James: I don't know really doesn't matter.
James: what it feels like.
James: My sister.
James: Are my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so similar.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did a great job of describing the thoughts, but go at it one more time. This time, see if you can find. It'll come from one word whole group of words.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the emotion, so I don't give a fuck what you think. Right, that's, that's the thought that goes with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your care about my opinion. Hey, and you know, I don't give a fuck is much like how you might see me in a sense, along with sister and mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you may see in sister and me and mother is we doubt you so that's how it feels. That's how it is experienced. Those are the thoughts. But what I'm asking is the emotion. So right now, see if you can identify the emotion big emotions. I can make it typical is sad, angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Afraid anxious disgusted surprised jealous happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the big guys. Which one do you think would capture how your emotion that you have right now.
James: Oh,
James: Probably somewhere along the lines of enraged and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes
James: It really enraged
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. That makes a lot of sense. James, if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensed if I believed that someone didn't believe in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I cared about their opinion. I would be enraged
Gwenevere Abriel: But if they didn't care about their opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like this full just didn't know me, I am I already got. I already know what's up. I'm gonna get my butt or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Marines and that that's that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it possible
Gwenevere Abriel: That there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A filter that maybe is between my intent and your, your, let's say understanding of my intent. Is it a possibility that it's some altered universe, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone else
Gwenevere Abriel: might interpret my intent differently than doubting you
James: Um, I don't know, maybe, maybe not becomes an how you look at it, it depends on how you perceive that
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. So someone else are you saying someone else might perceive my asking
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing where your book is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is maybe why you're not remembering to study.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus downing you as if you can't do it. I mean, those are hugely different
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so do you notice that how I like if you had to guess, would you say I'm enraged to
James: Know I'm like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, right. So even though you presented with obviously right some behaviors.
Gwenevere Abriel: F bombs, etc. Which is pretty standard fare with you. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he's going through something right but that's not about me. That's about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you interested in actually knowing what my intent is about those questions about where where that book is the F I forget the FF book. I gotta keep forget the acronym, do you actually want to know my intent.
James: Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is
Gwenevere Abriel: James like ask I dance. I asked questions that are sort of indirect and I dance around things, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But my intent is truly. Hey, have you thought of studying with your downtime. When you're not working. This could be great timing to be studying and showing your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Legit I'm for real on this like look quiz me dad or, you know, I'm trying to say like investing in yourself because
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to obviously you're getting in, you're going to get in. It's just going to be a matter of sort of managing time getting, you know, maybe. Okay. I want to work out a second time today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do the hard stuff. I'm going to set it up so that I study, study account just I'll do 20 minutes and then I'll give myself a ticket to go lift weights. I'm a trick myself. I'm going to be my own parent because that's what we all do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Make doing the hard stuff first. Well, I want to trick myself and I'm going to do just a little bit of it, and then I'll reward myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the good stuff. So you know I get up and I signed some notes and I do it while I'm exercising and it's like, Okay, well, this is how I'm gonna get this stuff done. And then I'll watch some funny YouTube videos.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will start doing some of my fun projects.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, I, kind of, I made myself do it I don't overthink it. I've gotten in the habit of it. So, for a lot of people. It's a really handy trick. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still hearing me doubting you or is it starting to shift.
James: Know,
James: It's starting to shift.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah, good. Oh good, but we needed to get through that did
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, we needed to get through that and i'm i'm not surprised. I sit with people all day long, where our initial response is a sense of this guy is put me down. This woman is doing what all these these females in my life. They don't believe me they don't believe in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you really believe in yourself, which you do, obviously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then let's get in it. I want to support you and that's why I wrote down your goal. And so sometimes it really truly is that maybe no one ever told you these little hacks. These little tricks.
Gwenevere Abriel: To because maybe dad's giving you a lot of freedom, maybe mom was pressing down too hard on you. Maybe somewhere in between.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is maybe what you and I can do, which is kind of giving some brainstorm ideas about ways that have worked for other people that might work for you so that you can do the hard stuff, which nobody wants to do, you know, nobody wants to do that stuff. It's awful.
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's the thing, here's the truth of the matter, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. The truth is that
Gwenevere Abriel: I can almost promise you I can't do it 100% but I'm about 98% sure that you're imagining of how hard it is, and how frustrated. You're going to feel I truly do believe that your imagination is worse than how it's actually going to be, I think, when you actually get to the page.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, okay, just something to entertain this lady. I'm just going to see some find that book and I'm gonna take one page on a look at this one page or go online, I'll look at kind of, what are some of the different things, the skills needed to do this page.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to see if it's as bad as I thought it would be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I going to feel, you know, is not smart enough not good enough. Is it as bad as I thought. Or am I as frustrated as I thought it would be origin, I start problem solving and I basically just handled my shit I just handled it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I faced it I set a timer is only going to be 20 minutes while I'm going to do one page, whichever comes first and then I'm gonna go work out, am I going to overanalyze it. I don't even have to tell anybody. I did it because your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you go and guess what, that's what adults do. That's what we do. It's nothing fancy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just we just drink ourselves all day long trick trick trick big trip there, you know, like, is we do, we do the hard stuff first
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you don't do it that way. The other thing that will happen. Most commonly, is that I think I've talked to you about what procrastination does right it will wait until it's right here right up next to us. And then, hurry up and scramble and get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: might decide to do it that way. Do you think that's probably what you're doing. You don't even know where the book is kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what about that phrase.
James: A little
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever heard this phrase I kind of like this one luck favors the prepared. What do you think of that phrase.
James: Never heard that before. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see how
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you already. Yeah, look at, look at how it might be happening right now you have that book at your pops house somewhere maybe it's luck. You don't have as much work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, time to study, you could flip the story around and make it. You know what this might be good timing. I'm gonna see if this is going to pick, pick my pops off. Hey pops. What if I put in, you know, five hours of study time
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can prep for this a week without piss you off, or is that cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what he says. I mean, maybe he'll be like, respect, what can you do in the hard stuff he might
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you and then you can prove all us later.
James: I get what you mean I get what you mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I don't doubt you
See
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what doubt looks like when in doubt what Dell would look like on me. I don't do it very much. I actually have a lot more belief in my clients, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Even family members do I assume you're capable. Actually, that's why I talk about what's next. If I didn't think you were capable, I wouldn't be saying, hey, what's next.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would just go up or down. How can we all take care of. Yeah, you know what, I'm not doing now i'm i'm saying let's listen X Men, what you're going to do what you can do wish.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And actually does mean, I think you're capable
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see we got through that.
James: Again, what you mean. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking about the other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how your the people that you were hanging with that maybe were your pools. Right. They were getting alcohol. Are you spending less time with them, are you spending different time with them. How is that starting to change or not changing.
James: Oh, I haven't seen them in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: That per se.
James: Oh, I said, I haven't seen them in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I was, I was kind of making fun of you there a little bit. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So, it
Gwenevere Abriel: So it can feel lonely though without hanging with with people. Are you feeling a little bit like that isolation more so now that you're not hanging out with them.
James: Kind of, but I still hang out with different friends that don't drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what are they into I think playing baseball video games. What are they doing for fun.
James: Oh, video game is hiking shooting fucking around for Willie dog walking fighting wrestling.
James: You name it, we're pretty much doing here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some of your friends that you're doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't worry, I'm not going to call him up.
James: Got a couple home is a hunter CJ
James: Hawking here. There you go. So, even some of my co workers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are, how are sort of tempers around the house with dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you guys these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're completely frozen right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Video now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Has this weird delay. Still, but I was asking you how you and your pops we're doing, is there any sort of arguing going on with you to these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
James: No, not really.
James: We're pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about coming from maybe mom from
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty good. Any tension kind of between you and your mom.
James: A little bit, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it kind of that same thing like you get a you get a vibe from her that she doesn't believe in you is that same kind of thing that happened in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I didn't hear your response. I don't know what you said just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This video today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, and you're frozen again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I've got your back. Okay, so what cut. What is the the
Gwenevere Abriel: The arguing or the conflict between you and your mom over because I wasn't able to hear that your video froze.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. Dude, I can't hear you at all. What's the what hit your hit your mute button, maybe a couple times if that's NASA awake. A B C D E F G Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude, try, try maybe without the headphones and see
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Maybe that's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can hear you.
Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what do you
James: Are you about, oh, I'm usually it's about her dowdy me or her pushing my button.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And give me one. Maybe this this week, or she kind of ticked off.
James: Her asking about shit that shirt. He knows the answer to
Gwenevere Abriel: How much she know the answer. Well, um, what are we talking about here.
James: Like certain questions like, whether I'm going back over or where they are addition that, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's three blogs. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blah, blah, blah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got, I got to take it just right. Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back over. Are you saying she continues to say, when are you coming over you moving back in. When are you coming back. She keeps kind of doing that.
James: Yeah.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, is that because she doesn't know what to talk to you about
James: Yeah, that's basically because she fucking misses me being at her house to be her little fucking nigger, and do whatever the fuck she tells me to do with Shane doing this shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you felt used over there.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And no chance that that it's a misinterpretation. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: No chance.
James: Yeah, no.
James: No chance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little story if you could, I'd love to know. I mean, really, it might have been indeed exploitation, you know, have a have a kid. What was she having you do
James: Just whatever your fucking whatever
James: Anything and everything should always want me to go do this. And I even though she know I had work the next day or she loved me to fucking go to work or I'll be getting home from from working my ass off all day and she loved me to go fucking do something that was like
James: labor intensive and we're going to take the rest of the fucking day. And I'd be like, No, I'm home. I just got home, I want to fucking go to sleep.
James: Or I want to go pick up my friends or some shit.
James: Yeah, to get down controlling and manipulative
Gwenevere Abriel: You needed a chance to go
She
James: Know, she's retired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody else helping her is your sister with a mother.
James: Oh fuck no. My sister is a piece of shit. The only sister lives in Colorado with her husband right now. My mom's living by herself with her.
James: All east, a new fiance and my god daughter, which is my niece. So, which is her heard ground granddaughter. Yes, cuz you both of her grandkids because my sister, my middle sister is kind of a piece of shit and still stuck on heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that that that sister. She here in New Mexico. Their New Mexico.
James: Yeah, she's here in New Mexico.
James: City.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sure.
Where
James: Where I'm at Vanya
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she's right there. And is that like a town where you kind of know every little
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing know what she's doing. You hear about it from other people. And I get my knows everybody's business.
James: Yeah, my wife.
James: Yeah, more or less, because I know a lot of people down here and then a lot of the cops know me because of my mother. And because of my passion.
James: So the good and bad thing but know everybody knows everybody down here kind of fucking sucks. It really does. Honestly, fucking, so I can you can't take a shit sideways in this town without somebody saying something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of funny, I was picturing. How do you take a shit sideways.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your leg.
Oh my
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I, I feel you on the small town thing i i've tried that and it's
James: Not a good
Gwenevere Abriel: I need a bigger town. I need a city.
James: Yeah, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's the direction you're going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're going to have all of those
James: Opportunities. Yeah, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. When you travel, you're going to get to see the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get to see where you want to live.
James: It's gonna be fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard work though. Let me tell you what, guess what you're going to be faced with
Gwenevere Abriel: People that look like they're doubting you
James: What
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to look like they death, you're going to be faced with those kind of people all the time. Or you can find that switch that cool confidence inside when someone looks like they don't believe in you. And you can kind of keep chill.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is a skill you are going to be able to use when people are yelling at you and saying you're not doing this right. You know those in doc processes for those for the Marines, etc. Oh my gosh, we got to set pride.
Aside
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for sure.
James: Honestly though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you heard some some stories about what in Doc is like
James: Yeah, my STEP BROTHERS an ex marine my dad was in the Navy. My grandfather was in the army and then I have a homie. That's actually the Marine Corps right now to
Gwenevere Abriel: What's he what's a recent story. He tells you about what's it like for him.
James: He says he likes it because he got away from home and he's not in state no more, he was able to get the fuck out of here. But at the same time he says that it's not what he thought it was going to be. And I still haven't deciphered that whether that's a good thing or a bad thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I would. I'd be like, Well, what do you
James: I'm ready, I'm ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe there's maybe there's a little
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a part of you that doesn't want to ask that question.
James: Now there's a part of me that doesn't want to know in the party that just says I'll figure it out when I get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly, yeah. I'm already here. I got to work it out. Yeah, that might be a good plan.
James: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Okay, so we managed to, um, we got some work done here, you did some inner personal work with me you able to sit with sort of a negative experience. You got through it. So let's have one little summary from you about what you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: About yourself in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a little different. What did you notice about you felt just even a little bit different.
James: I get really ticked off and people doubt me, I didn't think that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really get ticked off when you, is it possible that it's a perception. When you perceive that someone's doubting you. It happens instantaneous, doesn't it.
James: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool, that's self awareness. Nice. I think that will serve you having that awareness, because then when you know yourself, you can kind of manage yourself and control yourself a little bit. If you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you on Tuesday.
James: Oh no. Yeah, exactly.
James: All right, I'll see you next Tuesday.
James: Have a good one.